the fighting has continued in Gaza
Israel launching fresh strikes on the
southern part of the territory let's
show yuhan unas where Palestinians are
running to find shelter as a strike hit
near NASA hospital this was earlier
today Israel has said it's continuing to
find tunnels and weapons and has killed
dozens of militants its military
released this video which it says shows
a tunnel beneath hunus which it claims
Hamas is used to hold some of the
hostages taken in the deadly raid into
Southern Israel on the 7th of October
the Hamas run Health Ministry says more
than 60 people have been killed in and
around hunus it says the total number of
Palestinians killed since October the
7th now stands at
23,46 I've been speaking to Abu Baka
he's a resident in central Gaza and he
described how the situation looks there
today the situation just daily
deteriorates you can see that the
bombing hasn't stopped since the since
yesterday and yesterday was a very rough
night for for for those who are living
in the the southern territory in in the
Gaza Strip so yeah it's just been a
another bad day unfortunately and these
pictures that we see now are a people
queuing for uh water desperate for water
because so much of the water is
contaminated in Gaza at the moment can I
ask you about that Abu Baker As we look
at these people queuing for water do you
have you and your family clean drinking
water unfortunately no and it's the same
story for for most Palestinians because
we are very we're very getting to used
we're getting to used to this kind of
polluted water since the start of the
war we don't have this kind of water
that is polluted and sometimes we need
to just go to the Sea and and try and
try to drink from the sea which is
completely salty water so it's just like
as of told you it's getting dire and
even it's not for water it's for the
other Med for the other medical supplies
in particular and the other food Aid
which which doesn't reach because
talking about the humanitarian Aid that
has coming to the Ser hasn't reached it
hasn't reached most people here in the
Gaza Strip only a small part of of the
population in the Gaza Strip who are
stuck in the especially in the southern
territory of the Gaza St in RAF and unun
and and Central Gaza and dur now the
number of people in these areas are
unbelievable the number is just insane
you're talking about a million point9
900,000 people displaced now in these
areas so the food given and the water
given to these people is not enough for
sure it's not enough and most people are
now in tits it's a rainy day today in
Gaza so you can see how much suffering
there is with people who are especially
intense and unpredicted shelters they're
just suffering and it's a it's a
heartbreaking day so when it trains it
bins as they as as I've always said that
even when it trains in Gaza especially
in this war it BS
and yes this is the situation in Gaza
right now you cannot the the scarcity
the level of scarcity we have from food
water medical supplies in particular The
Continuous attacking by Israel for the
hospitals is just making the situation
worse and worse every day so so Abu Bak
if the if the aid is not getting through
what have you and your family had to eat
in the past 24 hours well it's getting
it through but I want to make it clear
it's getting it through but it's not
it's not reached us at all so what I've
eaten with my family is only some some
Tomatoes it's the same story and
sometimes we can get some Whitey cheese
but make sure that the food we are
eating are of the lowest quality what is
it like when I and my when my family and
I eat canned food usually given for pets
what is it like when a six-year-old
child asks me that my that his
wish that he he wished or or he wishes
that he were a monkey that he could be
given his favorite fruit bananas it's
just heartbreaking you can't really
imagine it I yesterday yesterday with my
family had to use wheat seeds usually
given for birds to eat them what what
what other Solutions what other
Solutions we should we have we are out
of solutions we're out of everything
this is the story inide CA so when we
don't have this kind of you know this
kind of food what we have the illnesses
that Cana can I ask you can I ask you at
the moment as well do you feel safe
leaving your house moving around at all
not at all not at all because there's no
safe Zone in Gaza there is no safe
Street in Gaza even the streets that
could be making out making it out for
for residents to flee to Rafa the
southern area of the STP have been
bombed so the streets now destroyed it's
it's not it's not safe at all Abu Baka
giving us a sense of what daily life is
like in Gaza